---
title: Turing School Participates in the Launch of President Obama’s TechHire Initiative and the Founding of NESTA
date: 2015-03-10 14:47 UTC
tags:
layout: post
---

Turing School of Software & Design is excited to announce a new collaboration with the White House on President Obama’s TechHire Initiative, announced yesterday. In conjunction with the launch of the TechHire Initiative, Turing has also partnered with other developer training programs to found the trade association, NESTA (New Economy Skills Training Association). We are thrilled to participate in both the TechHire Initiative and NESTA, because we believe that both advances will have significant, positive impact for Turing’s mission, our students, the technology field in which we operate, and our nation’s economic future. 

About the Tech-Hire Initiative: The Tech-Hire Initiative is a multi-sector, collaborative campaign that includes $100 million in new Federal investments and grants to support innovative programs capable of successfully moving Americans into well-paying technology careers across every sector and industry. Activities and focus areas of this initiative include: increasing skill-based recruitment and placement of employees; supporting and improving innovative and accelerated IT training programs; and increasing diversity and accessibility in technology careers, especially for women, minorities, and veterans.

About NESTA: The New Economy Skills Training Association is founded with the mission to establish best practices, standards, and increase accountability for outcome-based NEST organizations. Turing School’s Executive Director, Jeff Casimir, is one of NESTA’s ten founding members, along with leaders of the following: Hackbright Academy, MakerSquare, App Academy, DevBootcamp, Flatiron School, Galvanize, Hack Reactor, General Assembly, and Wyncode. Today, March 10, 2015, NESTA published a letter to President Obama and his Administration, outlining a commitment to publish outcomes on an annual basis and have them verified by third-party CPA’s. This is the initial step of NESTA’s first initiative, which will be to create a standard outcome reporting technology.

Through participation in NESTA, Turing School will be positioned to help shape the rapidly evolving landscape of developer training programs and tech education. We look forward to working with other like-minded organizations to standardize this space and set the high expectations necessary to ensure that programs like ours will remain sustainable and reputable into the future. With a half-million, high-paying job openings currently in need of skilled IT employees across America, we believe it is vital that programs like Turing become more widely recognized for our role in training the talent to meet the demand. We thank the President and his Administration for their investment, we thank our partners for their hard work to move this forward, and we thank our students and every member of the Turing community who believes in what we’re building together and works so hard every day to achieve it.
